DOC Add default health files (#67)
silverstripe/.github: SUPPORT.md

# Support

The issue tracker is reserved for reporting bugs and we don't provide support through it. Support tickets opened via the issue tracker will be closed.

If you require support there are two types of support available: community support and commercial support.

## Community support

> Community support is provided by members of our open source community and is provided out of their good will. Please be kind, polite and corteous to those that try to help you; you may wish to refer to our [code of conduct](https://docs.Silverstripe.org/en/contributing/code_of_conduct/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community support is provided by members of our open source community and is provided out of their good will. Please be kind, polite and corteous to those that try to help you; you may wish to refer to our [code of conduct](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/project_governance/code_of_conduct/).
```
The old link goes to v3

Author: Updated

You can find support via:

- [Slack](https://Silverstripe.org/slack)
- [Forum](https://forum.Silverstripe.org)
- [Stack Overflow (remember to tag as Silverstripe)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/Silverstripe)

> We recommend choosing the support forum based on the nature of your question:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend choosing from the above support options based on the nature of your question:
```
"We recommend choosing the support forum" sounds like we're saying "Use the forum, as opposed to slack or stackoverflow" which doesn't seem to be the intent based on the sections that follow.

Author: Updated
